Added bug_report template (#1040)
AdguardTeam/AdGuardSDNSFilter: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Creating the pull request

> Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed\
> If the related issue does not exist in our repository, please create it before making pull request\
> It is highly recommended to use our [Web Reporting Tool](https://kb.adguard.com/technical-support/reporting-tool) instead of creating an issue on GitHub directly\
> Please note, that we verify every pull request manually, so it may take time to apply it

## Prerequisites

### To avoid invalid pull requests, please check and confirm following terms

- [ ] This is not an ad/bug report

> - [ ] My code follows [syntax](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardHome/wiki/Hosts-Blocklists) of this project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My code follows [syntax](https://adguard-dns.io/kb/general/dns-filtering-syntax/) of this project
```
